Location

New York, NY, USA, Remote Allowed

Job type

[Full-time](#)

Salary

USD

Posted

16 hours ago

### Company description

BuildingLink is the gold standard and most widely used technology solution for residential property management(住宅物业管理) in the world. We pride ourselves on being a fast-growing, innovative, and pioneering company that provides the highest-level of customer service – consistently exceeding the expectations of our clients. We work with over 4,500 buildings both in the U.S. and globally – making us the industry leader.

Job description
---------------

**About the Position**

Do you have solid Vue.js chops and are looking to put them to the test on a complex, large-scale project? Do you want to contribute to and develop architectural solutions from the ground-level? If you love making things work seamlessly and efficiently with one another, then we’re looking for you! We’re looking for a mid- to senior-level Vue.js Developer to be a key player in one of our company’s most critical initiatives, our platform conversion to Vue.js. You’ll be a vital resource on our highly-collaborative Development team, building robust scalable solutions that push the limits and can handle an endless supply of data that’s consumed by many different websites, client apps, mobile apps, Alexa, customers, vendors, etc. in real-time.

Job responsibilities include:

*   Working within a highly collaborative team with senior members of our team, including our CTO, to develop a large-scale Vue.js application.
*   Solving architectural challenges for a large-scale application involving a high-level of customer configurability, multiple user-types, multi-language support and more by conducting research on and experiments with alternate solutions to present recommendations.
*   Designing and developing high-quality code that exhibits excellent performance, meets product requirements, and focuses on scalability and maintainability.
*   Showing excellent judgment in architecting and planning applications and features at all stages of the project lifecycle.
*   Interacting effectively with senior members of our team to determine project needs and develop solutions.
*   Taking overall accountability for keeping the project clean and organized. This includes identifying next steps, clarifying unclear tasks, and breaking larger tasks into smaller and more manageable tasks.
*   Exercising a sense of ownership to get things done. Do whatever it takes to make things happen and proactively gives advance warning if things aren’t going well so we can arrange for help.
*   Constantly improving software quality (evaluate and incorporate new libraries, tools, and technologies; code reviews; refactoring; testing; etc.).

**About You**

*   2+ years with Vue.js with proven experience working on multiple complex projects.
*   3+ years of experience with application design/architecture.
*   5+ years of corporate development experience.
*   Previous experience working across JavaScript frameworks a plus.
*   Demonstrates EXEMPLARY communication skills (both written and verbal).
*   Fluent in English.
*   An EXTRAORDINARY creative and analytical problem solver.
*   Possesses and demonstrates PHENOMENAL overall technical expertise.
*   Demonstrates a sense of urgency.
*   Self-motivated, has a love for learning and new technology, and able to lead and mentor others.
*   Experience with unit and end-to-end testing.
*   IMPECCABLE attention to detail.
*   Familiar with Agile development methodologies.
*   Experience working on a B2B SaaS platform within a startup environment preferred.

**Experience on the following is a plus:**

*   Nuxt.js
*   Documenting code and APIs.
*   Code quality/unification (ESLint / Prettier).
*   Code optimization and performance.
*   Developing cross-platform applications.
*   Testing Frameworks (Jest, Cypress).

We’d love it if you develop/contribute to open source!

**What BuildingLink Can Offer You**

*   Office culture comparable to the fast pace, energy, and vibrancy of a startup, while maintaining the feel of a family-owned company
*   Team outings (happy hours, company events & retreats, weekly lunches, holiday parties, etc.)
*   Flexible PTO
*   Birthday Holiday
*   Paid Parental Leave
*   Medical/Dental/Commuter Benefits
*   Competitive salary
*   401k with matching
*   Opportunities to learn and advance your career
*   Summer Fridays

**About Us**  
BuildingLink is an industry leading property management technology used by over 4,800 high-rise residential communities globally. As an industry pioneer and leading innovator, our solutions, service, and people have made us one of the most recognized and respected technology providers among property managers and staff, condo/coop boards, and landlords. Our roadmap is packed with new and exciting initiatives to help buildings run even better. Resident lifestyle, voice assistant with our Amazon Alexa Skill; Ledger for simplified property management accounting, more platform integrations, and IoT sensor solutions to target and solve buildings’ operational headaches are just a few of the key initiatives we have in the pipeline. So, if you’re looking to work for a dynamic and successful company that cares deeply for both its customers and employees, **please apply!**

**Learn more about this opportunity and others on our career page:** [http://www.buildinglink.com/Marketing/Public/caree...](https://workable.com/nr?l=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.buildinglink.com%2FMarketing%2FPublic%2Fcareers)

_BuildingLink is an equal opportunity employer to all persons regardless of age, color, national origin, citizenship status, disability, race, religion, gender, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity and/or expression, genetic information, marital status, veteran status, or any other protected class by federal, state or local law._

Skills
------

#vue

#vuejs

How to apply
------------

Please go to https://workable.com/j/A84789BBB7

[Apply now!](https://workable.com/j/A84789BBB7)

